Build stone is a new movement sweeping
the Minecraft building scene which
combines redstone with building to add
movement to builds and bring them to
life. And recently, this really cool
technique for creating bubbles and
waterfalls was shared by MckelC 1397. By
putting an armor stand inside of a
bubble column, you can get these really
cool water particles. I wanted to try it
out, but I realized I don't really have
any waterfalls in my world to use the
technique on. But I did recently build
this beautiful fountain as part of the
insane project I'm working on in the
related video. So, I decided to try it
out on these skinny diagonal water
streams I made out of glass panes. I put
the magma block in place and then
dispensed an armor stand. one block
below that on top of a carpet. Sure
enough, the bubbles started spawning,
but you could see the magma block on the
outside of the fountain. I fixed it by
replacing the slabs with stairs, and you
would never even know the difference.
The final step was to cover over the
magma block with a map of a solid color.
In my super flat world, I have quite a
few easy options. I can go into the
Nether for gray or a grassy area for
green. Plus, I have old maps of my world
with water for blue. I decided that gray
would probably blend in the best, and I
actually didn't even have to go to the
Nether since I've dug out so much of my
world down to bedrock. Oh, yeah, gray
was a good call. Dude, you can barely
see it. What other build stone
techniques should I try out in my
[Applause]